Add-on v1.2.0 documentation (#747)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/releases_and_migration/release_notes_addon_v120.rst

.. _sidewalk_release_notes_addon_v120:

Release notes for Amazon Sidewalk Add-On v1.2.0
###############################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This page tracks changes and updates as compared to the latest official release.
For more information refer to the following section.

For the list of potential issues, see the :ref:`known_issues` page.

Changelog
*********

This release introduces support for the nRF54LM20 and nRF54LV10 DKs for Sidewalk (Bluetooth LE only).

* Added:

>   * Support for the nRF54LV10 SoC in Bluetooth LE-only samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Support for the nRF54LV10A SoC in Bluetooth LE-only samples.
```

>   * Support for the nRF54LM20 SoC in Bluetooth LE-only samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Support for the nRF54LM20A and nRF54LM20B SoCs in Bluetooth LE-only samples.
```

  * Bluetooth LE adapter callbacks to allow changing Bluetooth LE parameters at runtime through Sidewalk options.

* Updated:

>   * the nRF Connect SDK from v3.0.0 to v3.3.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The nRF Connect SDK from v3.0.0 to v3.3.0.
```

  * Flash layout, by moving :file:`pm_static*.yml` into DTS overlays (except for the nRF53 Series, and non-secure boards).
  * Cleaned up common Bluetooth LE device naming and configuration.
  * On the nRF52 Series: the `Trusted storage`_ default key generation mechanism to ``CONFIG_TRUSTED_STORAGE_BACKEND_AEAD_KEY_HASH_UID`` instead of ``CONFIG_TRUSTED_STORAGE_BACKEND_AEAD_KEY_DERIVE_FROM_HUK``.
    The HUK-based option was not fully functional and provided no meaningful security benefit without the `nRF Secure Immutable Bootloader (NSIB)`_.

>     Products already deployed in the field must keep the previous key generation setting so that provisioned Sidewalk keys remain accessible; see the :ref:`migration_guide_addon_v120` page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Products already deployed in the field must keep the previous key generation setting so that provisioned Sidewalk keys remain accessible; see the :ref:`migration_120_trusted_storage_nrf52` page.
```
